a pivotal moment in my career was when I was going through a divorce at
a A junior as a junior sailor. It was pivotal because I also had my
Children and I was on the ship, and I actually had to send my Children
home to my parents while I was going through the divorce. Um, it
was devastating. Um, there were court dates. There were days I had
thio miss work. Um, okay. And it was mentally draining. I did get through
it because I had my, uh, my leadership who believed in me and
and knew that I was a great sailor. But it was It was personally, very
hard and taxing on me mentally. Um, I had to go to counseling because
of it, and my Children had to go to counseling before they left.
So while I still had to do my job and, um, take care of my family,
it was very trying and and and and hard for me. But at the end of
the day, I did get through it. Um, just remembering who was there for
me? My my lpo. My executive officer, uh, people who I I confided in
about my situation, my divorce, um, and people who gave me the resource
is to get through it. That counseling, Uh, the counselors and
the chaplain who was very important in helping me get through have the
conversations, Andre. Counseling with my Children. Um, but I got
through it.